README.md, before:

This web application is a project for Udacity Fullstack Nanodegree
=========
It has been developed and tested to run in the vagrant ubuntu environment provided for the Nanodegree

Facebook or Google account required for authentication

Step to run the application
=========
in the vagrant environment go to the directory where application.py file is.

run ```python models.py``` to generate the Database

run ```python application.py``` file to run the application

open http://localhost:5000 in you web browser


Template used
=========
Blueprint: Multi-Level Menu

A simple multi-level menu with delayed item animations and optional breadcrumb navigation and back button.

[Article on Codrops](http://tympanus.net/codrops/?p=25521)

[Demo](http://tympanus.net/Blueprints/MultiLevelMenu/)

The Blueprints are a collection of basic and minimal website concepts, components, plugins and layouts with minimal style for easy adaption and usage, or simply for inspiration.

Check out all of our Blueprints [here](http://tympanus.net/codrops/category/blueprints/)

Integrate or build upon it for free in your personal or commercial projects. Don't republish, redistribute or sell "as-is".

Read more here: [License](http://tympanus.net/codrops/licensing/)

[Organic Food Icons](http://tympanus.net/codrops/2015/03/19/freebie-organic-food-icon-set/) by Wojciech Zasina.

[Feather Icons](http://colebemis.com/feather/) by Cole Bemis.

Follow us: [Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/codrops), [Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/pages/Codrops/159107397912), [Google+](https://plus.google.com/101095823814290637419), [GitHub](https://github.com/codrops), [Pinterest](http://www.pinterest.com/codrops/)

[© Codrops 2015](http://www.codrops.com)

Commit message:

modified login.html,client_secrets.json and README.MD files to provide instructions for authentication setup

README.md, after:

This web application is a project for Udacity Fullstack Nanodegree
=========
It has been developed and tested to run in the vagrant ubuntu environment provided for the Nanodegree

Facebook or Google account required for authentication

Step to run the application
=========
in the vagrant environment go to the directory where application.py file is.

in ```client_secrets.json``` replace ```YOUR_GOOGLE_OAUTH2_CLIENT_ID``` with your google client id
in ```/templates/login.html``` replace ```YOUR_GOOGLE_OAUTH2_CLIENT_ID``` and ```YOUR_GOOGLE_OAUTH2_CLIENT_SECRET``` with your google client id and client secret

run ```python models.py``` to generate the Database

run ```python application.py``` file to run the application

open http://localhost:5000 in you web browser


Template used
=========
Blueprint: Multi-Level Menu

A simple multi-level menu with delayed item animations and optional breadcrumb navigation and back button.

[Article on Codrops](http://tympanus.net/codrops/?p=25521)

[Demo](http://tympanus.net/Blueprints/MultiLevelMenu/)

The Blueprints are a collection of basic and minimal website concepts, components, plugins and layouts with minimal style for easy adaption and usage, or simply for inspiration.

Check out all of our Blueprints [here](http://tympanus.net/codrops/category/blueprints/)

Integrate or build upon it for free in your personal or commercial projects. Don't republish, redistribute or sell "as-is".

Read more here: [License](http://tympanus.net/codrops/licensing/)

[Organic Food Icons](http://tympanus.net/codrops/2015/03/19/freebie-organic-food-icon-set/) by Wojciech Zasina.

[Feather Icons](http://colebemis.com/feather/) by Cole Bemis.

Follow us: [Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/codrops), [Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/pages/Codrops/159107397912), [Google+](https://plus.google.com/101095823814290637419), [GitHub](https://github.com/codrops), [Pinterest](http://www.pinterest.com/codrops/)

[© Codrops 2015](http://www.codrops.com)
